---
layout: post
title: "Why"
---

Welcome to my blog, yet another voice in the world of tech pushing out random thoughts into the internet. I'm sure as you're reading this you must be super interested in me and what I'm all about, so just for you, here's the low down.

# Who am I?
That's a rather large and serious question to answer, an easier one is what have I done? I have been to university twice, the first time to get a BSc in Computer Science from Bristol and the second time to get a MEng in Automotive Engineering from Bath. I have been a racing driver and worked for the Red Bull Formula 1 team as a software engineer in the simulation group. I am very happily married to my wife Kate who is a linguist and budding lawyer.

Computers were my passion, hence the first degree. However I struggled to work out what to do afterwards and having always had a passion for motorsport I decided to follow that. But simply dedicating my life to racing seemed rather self indulgent so I decided to enrol in an engineering degree in parallel. At least that way, however the racing career turned out I would have something useful to show for my time! I spent 3 years in British Formula Ford, a year in European Formula Renault and a year in the Porche Carrera Cup GB, along with occasional outings in an Aston GT4, including a class win in the Silverstone Britcar 24HR.

A large part (and probably the most fun part!) of my time at Bath was spent on the Formula Student team, helping to design, build and run a small racing car to compete in Formula Student competitions in the UK and Europe. This experience, along with my racing background and computer science degree meant that when I finished, I was able to join the Red Bull F1 team in the simulation group. There I was responsible for building developer tools, infrastructure for desktop and cluster simulations, tools for interacting with the driver in the loop simulator and plenty more. This was a fantastic time, hard work but amazing to be part of a team of such bright people, doing things on the cutting edge. 

The move to Red Bull was a big change in lifestyle, from carefree student to working husband and I'll admit, not a change I always handled perfectly. After moving first to Milton Keynes and then to London and spending too much time commuting and coming home grumpy and tired, I decided that we needed a change. I made the very difficult decision to leave Red Bull and move back to Jersey, where I had grown up, so we could live a quieter life and spend more quality time together. 
 
# Why am I writing?
I need a hobby! In all seriousness though, I love to learn but can have rather a short attention span and the retention of a gold fish. My plan is to take the small projects I do and interesting software I read about and put together articles both to share the knowledge and act as memory aid.

# What am I writing about?
Pretty much anything that takes my fancy, it could be books, code, tools, engineering, personal projects or just rants (although I'm planning to keep that to a minimum, the internet doesn't really need any more of that!).
